[#268] Google/Facebook source documentation (#301)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/sources/facebook.md

---
title: Facebook Source

> sidebar_label: Facebook Source

Reviewer: The directory is already called `sources`, so this tree will read like

sources
  facebook source
  google source

So I think you can drop

Reviewer 2: must drop :)

---

> ## Introduction

Reviewer 2: I'd drop (it's kind of redundant)

> The Facebook source provides a channel of communication between your managed Facebook page and your running instance of the airy core.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Facebook source provides a channel of communication between a Facebook page and your running instance of the Airy Core Platform.
```

Like for any other source you must connect a channel first using the [channels
connection endpoint](api/http.md#connecting-channels) and setting the `source`

> field in the request payload to `facebook`. The token parameter must be the token provided by Facebook.

Reviewer: More explicitly the `user access token`

> Like for any other source you must connect a channel first using the [channels
> connection endpoint](api/http.md#connecting-channels) and setting the `source`
> field in the request payload to `facebook`. The token parameter must be the token provided by Facebook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When connecting a channel via the [/channels.connect](api/http.md#connecting-channels), you must set the `source` field `facebook` and the `token` field to a valid Facebook user access token
```

## Configuration

For Facebook to start sending events to your local instance, it must first verify your instance with a challenge.
The only configuration needed for that to happen is to set the environment variable `FB_WEBHOOK_SECRET` with the provided token
by Facebook.

You must also configure the webhook URL to `https://<your-address-url>/facebook`.

> ## Events
> 
> After the verification process, Facebook will start sending events to your local instance.
> 
> ```json5
> POST /facebook
> ```
> 
> Those events will be processed and turned into messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the verification process has been completed, Facebook will immediately start sending events to your Airy Core Platform instance.
```

---
title: Facebook
sidebar_label: Facebook
---

The Facebook source provides a channel of communication between a Facebook page and your running instance of the Airy Core Platform.

## Configuration

For Facebook to start sending events to your local instance, it must first verify your instance with a challenge.

> The only configuration needed for that to happen is to set the environment variable `FB_WEBHOOK_SECRET` with the provided token
> by Facebook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To verify your Facebook webhook integration, you must set the environment variable `FB_WEBHOOK_SECRET` to the same value you supply in the webhook configuration on the Facebook integration.
```

You must also configure the webhook URL to `https://<your-address-url>/facebook`.

Once the verification process has been completed, Facebook will immediately start sending events to your Airy Core Platform instance.

## Connecting a channel

Connects a Facebook page to an user account.

```
POST /channels.connect
```

> - `source` MUST be `facebook`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `source` *must* be `facebook`
```
